No change in diffuse lung opacities and right pulmonary laceration allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning .
Bilateral effusions, right upper and mid lung parenchymal opacities, and left lower lobe atelectasis persist. Overall there has been no significant change.
There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Again visualized are patchy diffuse bilateral opacities, right greater than left.
Lungs: Left mid and lower lung opacities persists.
Basilar consolidation persists, which is suspicious for infection or aspiration, less likely atelectasis.
Worsening mild edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
Left base atelectasis and possibly small pleural effusion remain.
Lungs: Interval increase in right lung base pulmonary opacity with air bronchograms, increasing pneumonitis/atelectasis.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia , allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning .
Dense left basilar atelectasis persists.
Lungs: No change in bibasilar atelectasis and pulmonary edema.
Bibasilar atelectasis has increased, left greater than right. Left-sided effusion has increased..
Opacities: bilateral and unchanged
Lungs: Bibasilar opacities may be consistent with right pleural effusion, right lower lobe and and left lower lobe atelectasis.
Lungs: There are bilateral hazy opacities, mildly worsened since the previous study, which could represent pulmonary edema, multilobar pneumonia or ARDS.
Low lung volumes with central and bibasilar atelectasis, unchanged.
As before, there are diffuse patchy air space opacities throughout the right lung which are slightly increased when compared with the study from earlier today.
Persistent by basilar atelectasis.  Persistent patchy bilateral opacities could and edema.
Again seen is a left base opacity.  This may be due to pulmonary contusion versus focal atelectasis versus infection.
Lung volumes: low and unchanged Opacities: bilateral and unchanged
Unchanged bilateral airspace opacities consistent with edema.
Stable diffuse lung disease is present.
No change in edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Lung volumes are lower with an increase in bilateral basilar atelectasis.
Stable pulmonary edema versus infection is present.
Diffuse opacity of the left hemithorax is unchanged.
Lungs: Persistent diffuse lung disease process, likely pulmonary edema or alveolar damage, with possible small interval clearing on the left.
The lungs are clear except for bibasilar atelectasis and partial left lower lobe collapse.  No new focal abnormalities.
Persistent basilar atelectasis.
Increased basilar atelectasis.
Lungs: Bilateral pleural effusions, pulmonary edema,  and bibasilar atelectasis unchanged
There has been continued progression of diffuse lung injury pattern with worsening of right lower lobe opacification.
Bilateral parenchymal opacities may be related to aspiration, pneumonia, or pulmonary edema.
The lungs show persistent left lower lobe collapse/pneumonia.
Opacity right base is probably atelectasis but to fluid could also be present.
Lungs: Interval improvement of the bilateral patch opacities with air bronchograms.
Left greater than right base opacities have increased and could represent atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.  Diffuse pulmonary opacities greater than expected accounting for low lung volumes could represent edema or infection.
Persistent mild pulmonary edema, basilar atelectasis, and pleural effusions.
Lungs: Persistent low lung volumes; there has been no significant change with persistent bilateral basilar atelectasis.
Lungs: No focal opacities.Unchanged pulmonary exam.
Lungs: Radiographically stable. No substantial changes. Diffuse bilateral patch lung opacities in both lungs.
Opacities: Mild patchy bibasilar opacities are
Opacities: Mild bibasilar opacities are slightly increased
Right lung opacity unchanged.
Slight opacification in the lower left lobe which represent atelectasis. No other abnormalities identified.
As before, there are bilateral basilar opacities, greater on the right than left.
Bibasal consolidation is also increased, likely atelectasis.
However, underlying consolidation cannot be entirely excluded.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia and bilateral pleural effusions, mildly improved from the prior exam.
There is improvement in linear atelectasis in the right mid lung. Bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis.
There are basal opacities which could be atelectasis or pneumonia in similar appearance to prior exam.
There are diffuse, bilateral opacities that are unchanged.
No change in right pleural parenchymal opacities.
A new opacity has developed in the lower third of the left chest. Atelectasis VS pneumonia plus pleural fluid are a consideration.
No change in patchy opacities or pleural effusions.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change.  Enlarged central pulmonary arteries.  A persistent left lower lobe collapse.
There is bibasal atelectasis, left greater than right, with a layering left pleural effusion, as before.
Progressive increase in bilateral patchy opacities with a basilar predominance.
Lungs: Patchy bilateral lung opacities persist..
Unchanged bibasilar atelectasis.
There is persistent right lower lobe opacity with volume loss consistent with atelectasis.
Interval improvement in the left hemithorax opacity and resolution of left mediastinal shift .
Increasing left lower lobe collapse.
Patchy lower lung left greater than right opacities persist.
Improved bibasilar atelectasis.
Impression: Radiographically stable. No substantial interval change in bibasilar opacities or bilateral lower lobe volume loss..
Persistent left lower lobe collapse as well. No new focal abnormalities.
Right basilar atelectasis.
There is improved aeration of both lungs compared with the previous examination with improved visualization of both hemidiaphragms; however, there are persistent bilateral lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
There are patchy opacities of both lungs, consistent with  edema, unchanged.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating partial left lower lobe atelectasis.
Nodular opacity in the peripheral left lower lung zone is unchanged.
Lungs remain clear.
Multifocal areas of alveolar opacification are grossly unchanged to most recent prior.
Opacities: Mild patchy bibasilar opacities are unchanged
Lungs: There are stable linear and bibasilar opacities likely representing atelectasis..
Opacities: Dense confluent opacity above the minor fissure is now noted, consistent with partial right upper lobe collapse
Increased opacification of the right upper lobe is present with superior retraction of the minor fissure.  This likely represents atelectasis due to mucous plugging.  Right lower lobe atelectasis has decreased.
Persistent scattered atelectasis.
There is mild diffuse opacification of the right hemithorax. This may represent edema superimposed on pulmonary contusion.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia. No new focal abnormalities.
Lungs: There is stable patchy bilateral opacities, which represent either atelectasis or pneumonia.
Diffuse lung opacity has worsened, especially the right lower lobe.  The findings indicate progressive edema or aspiration.
Basilar atelectasis is improved.
Increased opacity at both lung bases in keeping with pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis that have developed in the interval.
Superimposed pneumonia cannot be excluded.
No change in diffuse pulmonary opacities consistent with moderate edema or lung injury.
The lungs are clear, except for bilateral lower lobe atelectasis/pneumonia or collapse.
Opacities: Dense opacification of the right upper lobe, consistent with collapse as above.
Lungs are hypoinflated with left base atelectasis.
There has been improved aeration with decrease in patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central pulmonary edema, basilar atelectasis, and right pleural effusion.
Left basilar atelectasis has decreased.
Low lung volumes as before. No change in diffuse airspace opacities.
Lungs: Stable bilateral opacities, consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Low lung volume, edema and basilar atelectasis persist. More focal left perihilar and basal lung consolidation could represent infection.
Lungs: Increased bibasilar pulmonary opacities, likely representing atelectasis, aspiration or infection.
