Patchy bibasilar opacities persist which may represent atelectasis versus infection.
Slight interval clearing of the diffuse bilateral patch opacities. There is no new focal opacity.
Diffuse hazy lung opacities persist compatible with pulmonary edema.
Unchanged diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities.
Exam is otherwise unchanged, with bilateral lower lobe opacities, and diffuse lung disease.
Bibasilar opacities most consistent with atelectasis, left greater than right base persist.
Compared to May 00, 0000, there is no change in diffuse lung disease. Basal atelectasis is present and possible small bilateral effusions are unchanged.
Opacities: Patchy confluent opacities are again noted throughout both lungs.
Lungs: Bibasilar atelectasis unchanged.
There is no change in the low lung volumes bilateral basilar atelectasis or consolidation, and left lower lobe collapse.
Low lung volumes with no definite focal or diffuse lung disease.
Bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar consolidation is unchanged.
Persistent diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities, likely pneumonia or alveolar damage.
Airspace disease about the right hilum persists, an infection is possible. Left lower lobe atelectasis and/or airspace disease appears slightly worse.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change.
There is been no interval changes in appearance of diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities and bilateral pleural effusions.
Worsening edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Lungs: Patchy basal atelectasis, left greater than right.
Increased right pleural effusion and unchanged consolidation in the right lower lobe, likely atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Low lung volumes with by lateral perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may represent atelectasis or edema.
Central pulmonary edema has worsened.  Lung volumes have diminished.
Right basilar opacity has increased from prior examination.
There is new patchy left lung consolidation, which could be from aspiration or infection.
Diffuse lung injury as before.
Right perihilar opacity could be volume overload or aspiration.
Diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Patchy bilateral lower lung opacities persist.
Findings likely represent progressive infection or acute lung injury.
Likely improved bilateral pulmonary edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
There is increased linear opacity at the right lung base representing atelectasis versus pneumonia/aspiration.  The left lung base shows improved aeration.
Increased opacity of the right hemithorax with associated volume loss is again noted.
Lungs: Worsening bilateral diffuse patchy alveolar opacities consistent with infection or aspiration. Left lower lobe volume loss persists.
Stable left lower lobe atelectasis is present.
Persistently low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and possible small pleural effusions.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema.
Lungs: Lung volumes are lower but with improving  opacities which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia..
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating consolidating right upper lobe atelectasis or pneumonia and central pulmonary edema.
Right rib fractures, right effusion, and bilateral patchy opacities are unchanged.
Lungs: The lung volumes are low and unchanged. There are bibasilar opacities with right sided opacity slightly improved from prior examination.
Aspiration in the right lower lung appears similar.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse lung edema or injury and basilar atelectasis.
Opacities: Patchy, confluent, bilateral and unchanged
No change in diffuse lung injury pattern.  No new focal abnormalities
Diffuse opacification of the right hemithorax is unchanged.
Mild left base atelectasis, otherwise unchanged.
Increased left pleural effusion with associated atelectasis. Increased diffuse lung disease, likely edema.
Improved right lower lung atelectasis.
There is been interval increase in perihilar opacities, right greater than left.
Increased right upper lobe opacity which may represent atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Lungs: Increasing opacity in the right lung may suggest pleural effusion or diffuse interstitial edema. Left retrocardiac opacity
Persistent diffuse lung disease as before.
Left lower lobe atelectasis as before.
Persistent bilateral lower lung consolidation, likely atelectasis or pneumonia.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis.  Patchy bilateral lung opacities could represent edema.
No significant change in pulmonary edema, cardiomegaly, and patchy perihilar and basilar opacities and possible left effusion.
Diffuse lung disease has decreased.
There are bilateral pulmonary opacities unchanged in appearance.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating low lung volumes with partial bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.
Patchy bilateral lung opacities persist.
No new focal abnormalities or pneumothorax.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
There is increased opacification of the right upper lobe and left lower lobe which is concerning for pneumonia.
Very low lung volumes are again demonstrated.  There is left lower lobe collapse.  There are diffuse bilateral patchy opacities likely due to ARDS versus edema.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.
Right lower lobe opacity is stable and could represent aspiration, pneumonia, or atelectasis.
Mild pulmonary edema pattern is again demonstrated with small bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis.
No change in bibasilar atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury. No new focal abnormalities.
Patchy opacities in the right lung and left base are not significantly changed and may reflect hemorrhage, edema, or infection.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating severe diffuse consolidating lung edema or injury.
There is no change in the low lung volumes, bilateral basilar streaky opacities, or complex pleural parenchymal process on the right side.
Stable left-sided pleural effusion bibasilar atelectasis is present.
Left lower lobe atelectasis noted. Blunting of the left costophrenic angle is seen.
The lungs show worsening patchy bilateral atelectasis versus lower lung volumes.
Diffuse pulmonary opacities persist.
There is interval increase in size of a left pleural effusion and perihilar opacity suggestive of pulmonary edema.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating low lung volumes with basilar atelectasis and central pulmonary edema.
Persistent diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities, likely pneumonia or alveolar damage.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse lung injury and dense left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia.
No change in edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
Improved left lower lobe atelectasis.
Diffuse patchy opacity, left worse than right, which likely represents worsening multilobar pneumonia.
No change in mild edema, patchy atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions. No new focal abnormalities.
Increasing opacification of right lung base, concerning for increasing pleural effusion or parenchymal opacity.
Patchy right lung opacities and left lower lobe atelectasis are unchanged.
Right and left lower lobe volume loss and left lower lung zone atelectasis persists.
Lungs: No significant change versus mild increase in right infrahilar and basilar opacities, likely atelectasis.
Left basilar consolidation persists, atelectasis or pneumonia.
Lungs: Left lower lobe collapse.
Diffuse lung edema and left plural effusion have slightly increased.
Persistently low lung volumes and left lower lobe atelectasis.
There is further improvement of right middle and lower lobe opacification, likely reflecting resolving atelectasis or aspiration.
Further increase in left-sided fluid with adjacent atelectasis.
Left lower lobe opacity appears to have resolved.  Patchy peri-bronchovascular opacity has developed in the right base perhaps related to edema, aspiration, or injury.
There are linear opacities in the right lower lobe.
As before, there is patchy consolidation throughout the right mid and lower lung in addition to left lower lobe consolidation.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating bilateral basilar atelectasis or aspiration and right pleural effusion.
Lungs: Lungs are better aerated than before.
No change in bilateral scattered opacities and bilateral by basilar opacities. In addition there is scattered atelectasis. Findings are consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Diffuse lung disease, likely edema persists.
There is right basilar linear atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
