The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse lung edema or injury.
Persistent low lung volumes, basilar atelectasis, and left pleural effusion.
Right upper lobe opacities, likely from pneumonia, are mildly decreased.
Improved left upper lobe consolidation and worsened areas of consolidation in the left lower lobe, right upper lobe, and lower right lung, likely pneumonia or alveolar damage.
There are bibasilar and perihilar opacities that are unchanged, likely representing a combination of edema, pneumonia and basilar atelectasis with possible bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable opacity in the right upper lobe that is likely due to pneumonia.
Low lung volume with basal atelectasis and probable small effusions, slightly worse.
Low lung volumes with increased bibasilar atelectasis.
No change in diffuse patchy lung disease consistent with acute lung injury/pneumonia.
Stable left mid lung laceration/contusion with increasing bibasilar opacities, likely representing atelectasis or aspiration/infection.
Left lower lobe atelectasis persists.  Right lower lobe opacification persists likely representing atelectasis.
Lungs: No change in the bilateral airspace disease compared to the prior study..
Compared to prior examination from XXXX on the same date, there is hazy opacification of the right hemithorax.  This could represent layering pleural effusion versus atelectasis related mucous plug versus pulmonary edema. Lung volumes are low.  There is additional left lower lobe atelectasis.
No change in mild edema, patchy atelectasis or bilateral effusions. No new focal abnormalities.
Lungs: There is increased left lower lobe opacity which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia..
Lungs: Low lung volume and basilar atelectasis persist.
Findings: Dense opacity in the LLL presumed to be atelectasis VS contusion.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia, right much greater than left.  Large right pleural effusion similar to prior. No new focal abnormalities.
No substantial interval change patchy bilateral lung opacities.
Bibasilar opacities persist and likely represent atelectasis
Slight improvement in diffuse lung disease, likely pulmonary edema.
There is also a new opacity obscuring the left heart border which may present superimposed atelectasis or pneumonia.
Bibasilar opacities and patchy perihilar opacities are unchanged.
Left lower lobe atelectasis has worsened. The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating right lower lobe atelectasis or contusion.
Stable bibasilar opacities are present representing atelectasis or aspiration/infection.  Small left-sided effusion may be present.
Lungs: There has been no significant change in the streaky opacity adjacent to the right cardiac border..
Interval increase in the left lower lobe atelectasis with likely underlying pleural effusion.
Bilateral basilar and perihilar opacities are unchanged and likely due to atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia, right greater than left, allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning .
No change in patchy lung opacities.
Persistent bibasal atelectasis.
Unchanged patchy opacities, consistent with pulmonary edema and pleural effusions.
There is improved aeration of the right lower lobe and stable opacity at the left lower lobe is likely atelectasis.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis with subsequent lower lobe volume loss.
There are increasing right upper lobe and middle lobe consolidations concerning for infection.  There is atelectasis versus consolidation in the left lower lobe.
There are basal opacities which could be atelectasis or pneumonia slightly improving.
Ill-defined bilateral patchy opacities are unchanged and consistent with pulmonary edema or multifocal infection.
The lungs are clear, except for mild bibasilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
There are new by basilar opacities obscuring the bilateral hemidiaphragms.  Findings may represent atelectasis, effusion or infection.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis.
Improved right lung opacities and stable left lung opacities, consistent with edema or contusions.
Exam obtained on March 00, 0000 at 0:00 hours shows interval increased opacification of the right hemithorax with associated volume loss.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. No new focal abnormalities.
There has been improved aeration. No new focal abnormalities.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central lung edema and bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating partial bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.
Persistent RLL>LLL opacityies unchanged.
The lungs are clear, except for mild bibasilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.  Persistent left lower lobe collapse. No new focal abnormalities.
By basilar atelectasis left greater than right is unchanged.
Right basilar opacity is stable, and could represent aspiration, atelectasis, or pneumonia.
Bibasilar lung opacities persist. Lung volumes are low.
Progression of the right upper lobe opacity that likely is due to pneumonia.
Left lower lobe consolidation is again demonstrated, possible contusion, aspiration, or infection.
Interval improvement in right lower lung atelectasis.  Lungs are clear now except for mild right atelectasis.
Increased bilateral pulmonary opacities, more so on the right.
There is increased opacification of the right lung which could be due to infection.
Stable right upper lobe and left lower lung patchy opacities are present, suspicious for pneumonia or edema.
Diffuse lung disease persists.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating right pleural effusion and partial right lower lobe atelectasis.
No change in left lower lobe atelectasis and effusion. No new focal abnormalities.
There is increased right lower lobe consolidation indicating progressive atelectasis or pneumonia.
Lungs: There is stable left-sided linear atelectasis.
Lungs: Increasing right lower lobe opacity.
Diffuse lung opacities persist, similar to prior.
There is persistent left lower lobe opacity, which likely reflects atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Otherwise no change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. No new focal abnormalities.
Unchanged left lower lobe atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, left much greater than right, without substantial interval change, including left-sided pleural reaction.
Stable retrocardiac opacity is present, representing atelectasis versus aspiration/infection.
Persistent bilateral basilar atelectasis.
Lung volumes: low but slightly improved. The previously noted right upper lobe collapse has now reexpanded. Opacities: The previously noted right upper lobe opacity consistent with right upper lobe collapse has resolved.
There are bibasilar opacities that are unchanged.
Increased right upper lobe linear atelectasis.
Lungs: Interval development of mild bibasilar patchy opacities consistent with subsegmental atelectasis, aspiration,  infection such as pneumonia, or any combination of the 3.
Persistent atelectasis in the lower lungs bilaterally.
Streaky densities within the mid right lung consistent with subsegmental atelectasis.
Basal atelectasis.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse lung edema or injury.
Bibasilar and right midlung opacities are unchanged consistent with either multifocal atelectasis or pneumonia.
Bilateral diffuse right greater than left lung opacities persist compatible with pulmonary edema.
Lungs: The diffuse lung disease consistent with pulmonary edema, or acute injury is unchanged. The right lower lung opacity has increased, which may be secondary to aspiration, infection, or atelectasis.
Left lower lobe atelectasis and pleural effusion as before.
Lungs: No new focal opacities. As before bilateral diffuse opacities, worse on the right. Low lung volumes and persistent right pleural effusion
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury. No new focal abnormalities.
Persistent diffuse lung disease, worsened on the left and improved on the right, likely edema or alveolar damage.
Superimposed infection is not excluded.
Opacities: Partial clearing of the left lower lobe opacity seen on the prior exam
Persistent low lung volumes with bibasal atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
No change in diffuse lung opacities more medial right lung laceration.
There is increased opacity of the lungs bilaterally which likely is attributable to decreased lung volumes.
There is no significant change in bibasilar consolidations and bilateral pleural effusions.
Lungs: Persistent right lower lobe partial collapse and opacity, left lower lobe opacity unchanged.
Small layering bilateral pleural effusions and subtle diffuse lung disease, likely edema persist.
No change in the diffuse bilateral opacities, consistent with diffuse lung injury.
No substantial interval change the previously noted dense opacity in the left hemithorax. Persistent minimal aeration of the left lung.
Findings: Low volume chest with high position of the diaphragms. Slight improvement of the atelectasis in the bases with better aeration.
No substantial radiographic change in appearance of the low lung volumes with right middle and lower lobe collapse.
Left lower lobe atelectasis and possible consolidation.
