Slight interval improved aeration in the right upper lobe with associated volume loss when compared to the most recent prior study.
Bilateral basilar streaky opacities and mild pulmonary edema are stable.
Patchy opacity throughout the right lung is not significantly changed from the study dated March 00, 0000 at 00:00 hours.
Streaky opacities in the right base are likely due to atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.
Mild improvement in left lower lobe opacity is present, representing atelectasis versus contusion.
Impression: Radiographically stable. No substantial interval change in diffuse pulmonary opacities.
Opacities: Mild patchy bibasilar opacities with interval worsening
Left lower lobe atelectasis is present.
There are left-sided opacities that are worsened.
There is worsening left lower lobe atelectasis.
No definite new focal abnormalities.
There is increased opacity of the right base, indicating right middle lobe and right lower lobe collapse.
Lungs: Left retrocardiac opacity persists.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central lung edema and basilar atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change.
Bilateral diffuse lung opacities, are unchanged compared to yesterday, consistent with pulmonary edema or ARDS.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Lungs: Persistent atelectasis the right lower lobe.
Patchy lower perihilar and bilateral lower lung opacities persist.
No change in diffuse lung disease consistent with acute lung injury/pneumonia. No new focal abnormalities.
The lungs are clear, except for mild bibasilar atelectasis.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating low lung volumes and consolidating left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia.
Opacity over the lower half of the right lung has increased possibly loculated pleural fluid
Left mid zone consolidation.
Lungs: As before, there are bilateral basilar opacities, which likely represent a combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis.
Increased opacification of the lung bases may reflect atelectasis and pleural effusion, however, underlying pneumonia cannot be radiographically excluded.
Given differences in technique, no change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia and left lobe atelectasis.
Lung volumes are low with basal opacities in similar appearance to prior exam.
Lungs: Bibasilar opacities consistent with atelectasis, infiltrates, or failure unchanged
Lungs: Right upper lobe opacity
Improved basilar atelectasis.
Patchy bibasilar opacities likely representing atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia.
Left basilar opacity persists.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
There right upper lobe volume loss. Otherwise, no significant interval changes in appearance of bilateral pulmonary opacities and likely bilateral pleural effusions.
Left lower lobe atelectasis.
Ill-defined bilateral patchy opacities is unchanged and consistent with pulmonary edema or multifocal infection.
Atelectasis in the medial portion of the LLL.
Patchy consolidation right lung, likely pneumonia or atelectasis.
Persistent consolidation at left base, likely atelectasis or pneumonia.
Bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions persist.
Lungs: As before, bilateral basilar opacities.
Left greater than right by basilar opacities are unchanged in appearance, likely representing a combination of pleural fluid and atelectasis and/or consolidation.
Patchy bilateral predominantly lower lobe atelectasis/pneumonia is unchanged from this morning's exam.
Diffuse lung opacities persist.
There is no change in the low lung volumes, bilateral basilar opacities consistent with atelectasis or consolidation, and interstitial thickening, consistent with fluid overload.
Low lung volume, edema and basilar ateelctasis persist.
Lungs: Basilar atelectasis, unchanged from the prior exam.
Impression: Interval collapse of the right upper lobe with associated localized pleural effusion. Stable pulmonary opacities.
Mild increase in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. No new focal abnormalities. Left lower lobe collapse as before.
Interval decrease in lung volumes with worsened right basilar atelectasis and unchanged minimal atelectasis at the left base.
There is continuing obscuration of the left costophrenic angle, likely due to small pleural effusion and atelectasis.  There is stable mild diffuse prominence of interstitial markings, likely revisiting mild pulmonary edema.  There is stable patchy right basilar density likely atelectasis.
Lower lung volumes with increased left basilar opacity.  Persistent patchy opacity in the right lung base not significantly changed.
Asymmetric interstitial prominence and opacities are again seen, right greater than left.  This presumably represents pulmonary edema and layering pleural effusion.
Lungs: Interval new pulmonary opacity in the left mid lung; pneumonitis/ aspiration. As before, right lung base opacity with air bronchograms, aspiration/pneumonitis. The findings are concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
Lungs: Low lung volumes without focal opacification.
Lungs: Bilateral lower lung opacities persist, which has improved slightly compared with prior study.
There is no change in the bilateral lower lung atelectasis or consolidation, and thickened interstitial markings in the lower and mid lungs bilaterally with decreased upper lung pulmonary vascular markings consistent with edema overlying emphysema.
Minimal residual atelectasis at left base.
Low lung volumes. Interval increase in in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. Left lower lobe collapse.
There is left lower lobe collapse.
Bilateral lung disease unchanged in appearance.
Diffuse pulmonary edema, as before.
Stable bibasilar atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.
Patchy opacities in the bilateral lower lobes persist, representing atelectasis versus pneumonia.
No change in mild diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia and lower lobe atelectasis.
Bibasilar atelectasis/infection persists, and is worse on the right.
No change in mild edema and patchy bilateral lower lobe collapse. No new focal abnormalities.
Interval increase in bibasilar opacities, which could represent atelectasis and/or pneumonia.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central lung edema and lower lobe atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, slightly improved.
Unchanged appearance left basilar opacity.
There are basal opacities in similar appearance to prior exam likely atelectasis or pneumonia.
Stable of severe diffuse opacities, consistent with edema/pneumonia.
Exam obtained on March 00, 0000 at 0:00 hours shows increased opacity of the right hemithorax with associated volume loss.
There is continued obscuration of bilateral lung bases likely due to pleural effusions and atelectasis.  Superimposed pneumonia is not excluded.
No change in diffuse lung disease consistent with edema. Patchy bilateral lung consolidation has diminished.  No new focal abnormalities.
Lungs: No significant change in bilateral pulmonary opacities consistent with pneumonia.
Bibasilar atelectasis is present.
There is increased left base consolidation.
Basal atelctasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury, bilateral pleural effusions, and edema of the subcutaneous tissues.
Right lung opacity is unchanged.
Left pleural effusion  and left lower lung consolidation persist.
Persistent right  upper lobe opacity, which may represent pneumonia, atelectasis, possibly with a component of pleural effusion.
Patchy bilateral opacities not significant change compared to yesterday's exam, likely atelecasis.
Right upper lobe dense consolidation with air bronchograms and bilateral patch densities are again seen with low lung volume.
Worsened atelectasis in left lower lobe.
Diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Lungs: Interval progression of the right upper lobe dense consolidation with unchanged bilateral patchy densities.
Diffuse lung opacities again noted, consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia, with worsening on right.
Unchanged left upper lobe contusion and left lower lobe atelectasis.
Patchy opacifications remain in the medial right and left lower lobes.
Hazy opacity in the left lower lung with a small left sided pleural effusion is present.
Lungs: Radiographically stable. No substantial changes. Bilateral perihilar and basal opacities are as before. Lung volumes are low.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, right greater than left, without substantial interval change.
New focal air space disease in the right mid lung and right lung base, consistent with aspiration or infection.
The lungs remain low, with bibasilar atelectasis/pneumonia.
Worsened areas of consolidation bilaterally, consistent with pneumonia or alveolar damage.
