Worsened bibasilar atelectasis.
There is a right pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis, slightly increased on the left side.
No substantial interval change patchy bilateral lung opacities including left lower lobe collapse, and previously noted left pneumothorax, allowing for lower lung volumes.
Stable right midlung opacity corresponding to known pulmonary laceration.
Lung volumes are somewhat lower. Mild interval worsening to left greater than right patchy pulmonary and perihilar opacities, likely at least partially related to low lung volumes and atelectasis.
The lungs show multifocal opacities as before.
Persistently low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis.
Lungs: Persistent lower lung volumes with basilar atelectasis.
Lungs: Bilateral lower lobe lung opacities accentuated by lower lung volumes.
Bilateral basilar opacities persist. This may represent atelectasis or in the proper clinical setting aspiration or pneumonia.
There is bibasilar atelectasis.
Lungs: Stable bilateral pulmonary opacities, consistent with lung injury.
There is interval silhouetting of the right and left hemidiaphragm suggesting worsening pleural effusion and associated atelectasis or consolidation.
No new focal abnormalities.
There is new obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, likely reflecting atelectasis.
Opacities: Patchy, confluent bibasilar opacities have improved slightly
There is diffuse bilateral lung opacity, worse at the left base, as before.  Exam essentially unchanged compared to most recent prior.
Unchanged bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Right middle lobe opacity is unchanged, could be atelectasis or reexpansion edema.
In summary, examination is worse when compared to the recent comparison examination dated March 00, 0000 at 0:00 hours.
Diffuse lung disease has improved, either from pulmonary edema, infection, alveolar damage.
The lungs show persistent left upper lobe pulmonary contusion/laceration.
There is linear atelectasis in the right mid lung. Bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis.
Stable, bilateral effusions with adjacent atelectasis are present.
Lungs: Unchanged bilateral pulmonary opacities possibly related to pulmonary edema or underlying contusion or pneumonia..
Allowing for low lung volumes, no change in moderate edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
There is somewhat improved aeration of the right upper lung; however, diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities persist, most pronounced on the left.
Right basilar airspace disease and moderate pleural effusion persists.
No substantial interval change in pulmonary opacities.
There has been continued progression of diffuse lung injury pattern with worsening of right lower lobe opacification.
Lungs: Left lower lobe consolidation. Mild right lower lobe consolidation.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and persistent left lower lobe collapse.  Improved aeration of the right middle lobe.
Opacities: Diffuse, confluent: Bibasilar and unchanged
Diffuse lung edema or injury has worsened.  The chest is otherwise unchanged.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating right lower lobe atelectasis or contusion.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury. No new focal abnormalities.
Patchy opacities in the right upper, lower, and left lower lobe are unchanged.
Patchy bilateral atelectasis is not significantly changed overall.
Basal atelectasis is unchanged.
Since the prior examination, lung volumes have diminished and there is partial bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.
Compared to yesterday's examination, there is no change in appearance of dense left basilar atelectasis and low lung volumes.
Right and left lower lobe volume loss and left lower lung zone atelectasis persists.
No new focal abnormality.
Persistent bibasal consolidation could be due to atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Increased left lower lobe atelectasis and persistent atelectasis at right base.
There is mild bi-basilar atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions, relatively similar in appearance to the prior examination. No new focal consolidation.
Persistent pleural effusions and adjacent basal atelectasis. Persistent diffuse lung disease, likely edema or alveolar damage.
New atelectasis at left base.
Slight improvement in the left base opacity, likely atelectasis.
There are severe, bilateral patchy opacities that are unchanged.
Diffuse pulmonary opacities may be related to underlying pulmonary edema or pneumonia/contusions.
Basilar atelectasis as before.
Stable perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be artifact of low lung volumes or represent mild pulmonary edema.
The lungs are clear, except for moderate bibasilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Worsening diffuse lung injury pattern representing alveolar damage and/or edema.
As before, there is asymmetric density in the right lung, likely representing basal volume loss.
Patchy opacities in the right lung represent atelectasis versus pneumonia.
Bibasilar atelectasis.
Low lung volume with bibasilar atelectasis persist.
Worsening diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Improved right basilar atelectasis and persistent left lower lobe atelectasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions are present, unchanged.  These impart part lower lobe compressive atelectasis.
Worsening lung edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia. No new focal abnormalities.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating basilar lung consolidation consistent with aspiration or other pneumonia.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating low lung volumes, bilateral lower lobe atelectasis, and right pleural effusion.
Again, there is opacification of the right lung, which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change.
No substantial interval change previously noted diffuse lung opacities, nonspecific.
Opacities: Marked confluent opacities noted throughout the right lung, unchanged.
There is new consolidation of the left lower lobe indicating pneumonia or aspiration.
Unchanged appearance of bilateral basilar opacities.
Lungs: Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
There are persistent unchanged bilateral basilar opacities obscuring the bilateral hemidiaphragms.  Findings may represent atelectasis, effusion or infection.  The lung volumes remain mildly decreased.
Lung volumes are lower. The right middle and lower lobes are collapsed. Unchanged appearance of pulmonary laceration. There is likely a left pleural effusion. Slight rightward deviation of the trachea likely secondary to combination of atelectasis, left pleural effusion and patient rotation.
Stable bilateral lower lobe opacity, could represent aspiration versus atelectasis.
Interval increase in the basilar lung opacities with a possible right pleural effusion.  Unchanged low lung volumes.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis, except for interval recollapse of the right upper lobe. No new focal abnormalities.
Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar pulmonary opacities persist
Redemonstrated is bilateral lower lobe atelectasis and/or aspiration pneumonitis, right greater than left.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Impression: Interval increase in right upper lobe density, consistent with worsening collapse.
Lungs: Resolved right lower lung opacity. Lungs are clear.
No change in diffuse lung opacities. No new focal abnormalities.
Persistent bilateral lower lobe atelectasis, right greater than left.
Left lower lobe atelectasis. Patchy atelectasis at right base.
Lung volumes remain low with patchy bibasilar atelectasis and mild pulmonary edema.
Left base opacity has increased and right base opacity persists which could represent atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Lung volumes are slightly low.  There is no significant interval change in patchy atelectasis/pneumonia with persistent left lower lobe collapse.
Bilateral pulmonary consolidations from infection or edema are unchanged.
Lungs: Left basilar atelectasis persists.  No new focal opacities.
No substantial interval change mild diffuse lung opacities, left greater than right.  No new focal abnormalities to explain respiratory distress.
Lungs: Bilateral diffuse lung disease persists and has increased at the apices bilaterally.
Lungs: Right minor fissure is depressed indicating right middle lobe atelectasis.
There is left basal consolidation, likely atelectasis.
Bibasilar opacities persist representing atelectasis or pneumonia.
Stable diffuse lung disease.
Lungs: Unchanged degree of pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change except for likely some increased volume loss in the left lower lobe.
Lung volumes are extremely low. Diffuse lung disease may represent edema, or alternatively, may be artifact of low lung volumes.
