Improved diffuse lung disease, likely edema or alveolar damage.
Persistent left lower lobe consolidation may represent atelectasis, aspiration, or infection.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis and diffuse lung disease, likely edema or alveolar damage.
There is new obscuration of the right heart border as well as the right hemidiaphragm suggestive of right lower and middle lobe atelectasis.
Improved diffuse lung disease with lower lobe predominance, likely pneumonia or alveolar damage.
Persistent basilar atelectasis.
No new focal abnormalities.
Lungs: The lung volumes are low and unchanged. There are bibasilar opacities that are unchanged.
Increasing bilateral patchy lung opacities, likely atelectasis or infection.
Lungs: There is been no significant change to the bilateral right greater than left patchy opacities.
There is diffuse lung disease and bilateral lower lobe opacities.
Exam obtained on March 00, 0000 at 0:00 hours shows interval increased opacification of the right hemithorax with associated volume loss.
Persistently low lung volumes with unchanged bibasilar atelectasis and diffuse lung disease, likely edema or alveolar damage.
Bilateral lower lobe consolidation, right worse than left, likely atelectasis versus pneumonia.
Lungs: Increasing right lower lobe opacity and diminished lung volumes
There is no change in the bilateral basilar opacities consistent with atelectasis or consolidation in addition to the thickened interstitium throughout the mid and lower lungs, suggesting pulmonary edema on the background of emphysema.
Overlying pneumonia cannot be excluded.
There is residual airspace opacity in the right lower lung zone and it left perihilar region.
There is patchy density in the right lung base representing atelectasis versus pneumonia.
Stable bilateral hilar opacities are present, representing edema versus infection.
The left hemidiaphragm is again obscured likely reflecting a combination of atelectasis and pleural fluid.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central lung edema, basilar atelectasis or pneumonia, and right upper lobe atelectasis.
Lungs: Opacification of the right base consistent with atelectasis.
Lungs are clear.
Opacities: Patchy, bibasilar and unchanged
Bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions suggested.
Persistently low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
Right pleural effusion and bilateral opacities are likely unchanged.
No substantial interval change pleural parenchymal opacities in the right hemithorax, after recent right thoracotomy.
Low lung volume, bibasilar atelectasis and probable small left pleural effusion persist.
There are persistent bilateral basilar opacities with left greater than right. No new focal abnormalities.
Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  Focal area of increased opacity in the right base than on yesterday's exam has improved, suggesting improved atelectasis.
No change in edema and patchy atelectasis.
Lungs: Small pleural effusions or bibasilar atelectasis with pulmonary edema slightly worse than prior exam..
No change in bilateral lower lobe atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.
Worsening diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia. No new focal abnormalities.
Worsening patchy bilateral lower lung consolidation, aspiration out infection.
No new infiltrates demonstrated..
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating consolidating left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia and adjacent pleural effusion.
Persistent bibasal atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Persistent consolidation right upper lobe and improved consolidation at right base, likely atelectasis, pneumonia, or contusion.
Lungs: Radiographically stable. No substantial changes. Diffuse lung opacities in both lungs.
Bibasilar opacities, right greater left are present, likely representing aspiration/infection.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are present.
Left basal atelectasis, unchanged.
There is persistent mild pulmonary edema and patchy atelectasis.
The lungs show subtle diffuse haze, which could be from edema and there is mild bibasilar atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung injury pattern with left lower lobe collapse and bilateral, right greater than left, pleural effusions.
Persistent left lower lobe opacity, likely atelectasis.
Right basilar opacity has increased from prior examination.
Lungs: Bilateral performing infiltrate is, slightly improved on the left.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. No new focal abnormalities. Likely right pleural effusion similar to prior.
Again visualized are patchy diffuse bilateral opacities that are unchanged and left lower lobe collapse.
No change diffuse lung opacities.
There is pulmonary venous congestion, a right pleural effusion, and bibasilar atelectasis.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
There is increasing left basilar opacity, likely aspiration or pneumonia.
Unchanged left lower lobe consolidation, likely atelectasis or pneumonia.
No change in mild edema, patchy atelectasis or bilateral effusions. No new focal abnormalities.
There is minimal patchy left basal consolidation, likely atelectasis.
No change in bilateral diffuse pulmonary opacities or bilateral pleural effusions. Right basilar opacity, likely atelectasis, has decreased.
Lungs are hypoinflated with patchy opacities suggesting edema or pneumonia.
Infection should be clinically excluded.
There are stable patchy densities in the left upper lung and right mid and lower lungs likely representing pneumonia/contusion.
Opacities: Mild, bibasilar opacities are unchanged. Bilateral upper lobe opacities have increased slightly
New opaque left hemithorax with left mediastinal shift consistent with volume loss and likely pleural effusion. Persistent right lower lung volume loss and pleural effusion.
This likely represents atelectasis secondary to mucus plugging .
There is slightly increased left upper lobe opacity, and persistent right diffuse opacity: pneumonia or edema/lung injury.
Right greater than left basal lung consolidation persists.
Lung volumes are low, with opacification of the right, middle, lower, and left lower lobe, which may reflect lobar atelectasis and or consolidation or contusion.
There may be mild pulmonary edema, in addition to bibasal atelectasis.
Left lower lobe collapse and right basilar atelectasis persist.
Right basal opacification has slightly increased, compatible with atelectasis or pneumonia.
Right basal and left midlung consolidation are unchanged, likely atelectasis.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating partial bilateral upper lobe atelectasis.
Stable bibasilar opacities are present, representing atelectasis versus infection.
Considerations include pneumonia, edema, or hemorrhage.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse lung opacity indicating edema or infection.
Streaky opacities adjacent to the right cardiac border correspond with the bronchiectatic right middle lobe seen on recent CT examination.
Bibasilar atelectasis and small pleural effusions persist.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis, without substantial interval change allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning .
Left pleural/parenchymal opacification persists.
Bilateral patchy perihilar opacities, unchanged.
There is slightly increased left basilar atelectasis; lungs otherwise adequately aerated.
Airspace consolidation persists.
Small bilateral effusions, low lung volume and basilar atelectasis persist.
The lungs are clear, except for mild bibasilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Bibasal atelectasis unchanged.
There is stable obscuration of bilateral lung bases, likely due to layering pleural effusions and atelectasis.
Linear atelectasis is not significant changed at the bases.
Interval decrease in patchy bibasal consolidation, likely resolving atelectasis or aspiration.
Lungs: Diffuse lung opacities consistent with lung injury and dominant on the left are probably slightly worse with slight more focality, in the left upper lobe and lung base.
Diffuse hazy lung opacities persist compatible with pulmonary edema.
Bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left is again noted. Atelectasis within the left lung base appears to have worsened.
Findings relayed to the primary care team nurse. No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Lungs: No new focal opacities. As before, bibasilar atelectasis and pleural effusions.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse patchy pulmonary opacities, likely edema or infection and lower lobe atelectasis.
Persistent low lung volumes, basilar atelectasis, and left pleural effusion.
Bibasal lung consolidation persists which may or atelectasis or pneumonia.
Previously seen right pleural effusion has become loculated.
Lungs: Stable appearing bilateral pulmonary opacifications, consistent pulmonary edema.
