Addendum Begins The dense bilateral lung consolidation may represent edema or pneumonia.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
No change in moderate edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
Stable right lower lobe opacity, could represent aspiration and/or atelectasis.
Since the prior examination, there has been increase of the right lung opacity indicating pneumonia or progressive atelectasis. The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating consolidating left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia.
The lungs show very low volumes and associated persistent mild bibasilar atelectasis.
There is persistent bilateral basilar opacities with left greater than right.
The lungs multifocal patchy bibasilar atelectasis, similar to prior exams.
Lungs: Slightly improved bilateral diffuse lung opacities.
Increasing mild diffuse opacity in the left lung concerning for diffuse lung injury pattern.
Bibasilar opacities persist which could represent atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Lungs: There is been no significant change in the bilateral basilar opacities..
No new lung abnormality.
Worsening diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury. No new focal abnormalities.
Interval increase in lung volumes with decreased bibasal atelectasis.
Lungs: The lung volumes are low and unchanged.  There are bibasilar and mild perihilar opacities that are unchanged, likely representing a combination of fluid, atelectasis and/or consolidation most prominently involving the left base.
Persistent diffuse lung disease, which may represent alveolar damage and/or edema.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia. No new focal abnormalities.
No change in diffuse opacity of the left lung, again concerning for diffuse lung injury pattern.
Bilateral pulmonary consolidations consistent with infection or edema are unchanged.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating right lung contusion and atelectasis.
Haziness in the left lung is suggestive of a layering left pleural effusion.
Right middle lobe and right lower lobe partial collapse has increased.  Lungs are otherwise clear.
No substantial interval change diffuse lung opacities.
Impression: Persistent layering left pleural effusion with left base atelectasis.
There has been gradual improvement of diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Lungs: Increasing right mid and lower lung opacity may reflect pneumonia, aspiration, or possibly atelectasis..
Diffuse lung opacities persist representing edema or pneumonia and lower lobe atelectasis.
Diffuse lung disease persists representing pneumonia or edema.
There is an increase in left lower lobe volume loss. No new focal abnormalities
Lung volumes remain low, and bilateral basilar opacities, possibly atelectasis, persist unchanged.
Lungs: There is persistent bilateral perihilar patch opacities which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis and right pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with no definite focal or diffuse lung disease.
The lungs show diffuse mild pulmonary edema, although possibly representing lung fibrosis, without remote comparisons.  No new focal abnormalities.
Lungs: Diffuse lung injury pattern/pulmonary edema.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating severe bilateral lung consolidation, worse on the left than the right and indicating asymmetric lung injury or infection.
Bibasilar pulmonary opacities persist.
No interval changes in appearance of diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities and bilateral pleural effusion.
No substantial interval change complex right-sided pleural parenchymal opacities. No change left lower lobe opacity, nonspecific.
Worsening bibasilar opacities, right greater than left are suspicious for infection. Alternatively they may represent atelectasis.
Likely there is a left pleural effusion.
Lungs: Lung volumes are unchanged.  Bibasilar opacities are unchanged in appearance, incompletely imaged on this semiupright view.  These likely represent a combination of airless lung and pleural fluid.
There are bibasilar opacities, consistent with bilateral pleural effusions and/or consolidations.
There is dense perihilar and bilateral basilar consolidation, likely a combination of aspiration and atelectasis.
Lungs: Worsened bilateral diffuse patchy opacities consistent with edema/ARDS. Decreased aeration.
Lungs: There is consolidation of the right middle lobe.
Increased bibasilar opacities are most consistent with atelectasis.
Pulmonary edema has improved.  Remaining diffuse lung disease represents edema versus infection.
Bilateral patchy atelectasis with right middle and lower lobe volume loss.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis.
No new pulmonary consolidation.
No substantial interval change in diffuse lung injury pattern with superimposed right upper lobe collapse and a likely right pleural effusion.
No change in mild edema and moderately advanced patchy atelectasis/pneumonia. No new focal abnormalities.
Bilateral lower lobe opacities demonstrate interval worsening. These likely represent atelectasis or evolving infection.
Persistent retrocardiac opacity represents either atelectasis or pneumonia.
Persistent bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia, right greater than left.
Opacities: Mild, bibasilar and unchanged
Bilateral basal atelectasis unchanged. No focal opacities.
No new focal abnormalities.
Stable left lower lobe opacity is present, representing atelectasis versus aspiration/infection.
Worsened right lower lobe consolidation, likely atelectasis or aspiration.
Bilateral opacities and likely right effusion are unchanged.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
There has been interval left lower lobe collapse.  Right hilar and basilar opacities are stable allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning.
Improvement of bilateral lung opacities, likely edema.
Clear lungs.
Compared to prior study improved aeration bilaterally.
Lungs: Increasing RLL opacity consistent with atelectasis or infiltrate.
Patchy lung opacities persist and worrisome for infection.  Left lower lobe atelectasis persists.
Lungs: As before, there are stable bilateral effusions and basilar atelectasis..
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central pulmonary edema, lower lobe atelectasis, and bilateral pleural effusions.
Lungs: Lung lungs are low with left lung base consolidation, likely atelectasis.
Since the prior study, there is interval improved aeration of the right upper lobe.  There are linear opacities in the left lung, most consistent with atelectasis.
Lungs: I process 10 right mid and lower lung opacities consistent with infection or aspiration.
Findings could represent pneumonia or atelectasis.
Low lung volumes as before. There are scattered air space opacities. Bibasilar opacities are unchanged. No new focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.
Left basilar consolidation persists, consistent with atelectasis or pneumonia.
Lungs: No substantial changes. Diffuse lung opacities in both lungs, left greater than the right.
There are bilateral opacities that are unchanged.
No change in moderate edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Near-complete opacification of the right hemithorax, with worsening of right upper lobe opacification.  Differential diagnosis includes atelectasis and pneumonia.
Unchanged diffuse bilateral opacities, with low lung volumes.
Low lung volume, edema and basilar atelectasis persist.
Lung volume is low with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Improved areas of consolidation with residual atelectasis at the bases.
No definite change in diffuse right greater than left pulmonary opacities.
Worsening diffuse lung disease likely representing edema versus pneumonia.
Lungs: Improved right upper lobe atelectasis.  Persistent left lower lobe atelectasis.
Bilateral basilar opacity persists and is nonspecific. Findings may represent atelectasis, aspiration, or infection.
Interval decrease in lung volumes with persistent bibasilar atelectasis.
Opacities: Mild, diffuse, bilateral opacities with slight interval worsening
Lungs: No new focal opacities. Interval better aeration of bilateral lower lungs. Mild pulmonary edema
Diffuse lung disease and bilateral lower lobe opacities persist.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia from the prior exam.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Persistent diffuse lung opacities and right pulmonary laceration.
Interval worsening of diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.  Increaseing right lower lobe opacity representing infection.
Consolidations persist in the right middle, right lower, lingular, and left lower lobes; essentially unchanged.  These likely represent foci of pneumonia or contusion, probably with some degree of underlying atelectasis.
