Interval right lower lobe opacification, which may represent volume loss versus pneumonia.
The lungs are clear.
No change in patchy bilateral opacities.
New perihilar patchy opacities in the right upper lung are present, suspicious for pneumonia or edema. Stable left lung patchy opacity.
Opacities: Patchy, bibasilar opacities are unchanged. Linear opacities are now noted in the left lower lobe, raising the question of atelectasis.
Basilar opacities persist, likely atelectasis and/or pleural effusions.
No change in diffuse edema with low lung volumes and apparent bibasilar effusions.  No new focal abnormalities.
No new focal abnormalities, allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning .
There are increased diffuse lung opacities, likely edema or alveolar damage.
Persistent bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.
Lungs: Persistent low lung volumes with worsened bilateral basilar opacities.
Stable bibasilar opacities are present, likely atelectasis.
Low lung volumes with no definite change in bilateral upper lobe opacities or bibasilar atelectasis, though the right upper lobe opacity now has the appearance of plate like atelectasis.
Unchanged low lung volumes and diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities.
Patchy opacification over the right hemithorax is unchanged.
There has been interval improvement in right upper lobe opacity. Otherwise no change in diffuse airspace opacities.
Lungs: The lung volumes are low and unchanged. There are bibasilar opacities that are unchanged.
Persistent pleural effusions and basal atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central lung edema, bilateral pleural effusions, and lower lobe atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury. No new focal abnormalities.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia and left lower lobe collapse, without substantial interval change.
Lungs: Left lung has partially reexpanded, with persistent left lower lobe atelectasis.
No change in the left lobe collapse and left pleural effusion. No new focal abnormalities.
Bilateral lower lobe opacities are unchanged. No new focal abnormalities.
Stable of severe diffuse lung disease, consistent with edema/pneumonia.
Bilateral pulmonary opacities likely represent pneumonia or edema.
Left lower lobe collapse. Bilateral atelectasis.
Infiltrate within the right middle lobe may represent atelectasis.
Lungs: Right lung infiltrates, unchanged. Dependent bilateral atelectasis.
Fluffy bilateral perihilar and bibasilar opacities may reflect a combination of edema and atelectasis; but are unchanged.
Lungs: There is more complete atelectasis of the right middle lobe, likely seen in the mucous plugging.
Stable  bilateral opacities consistent with either edema or contusions persist.  No new focal abnormalities.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central pulmonary edema, lower lobe atelectasis, and right pleural effusion.
No definite evidence of pneumonia.
There is redemonstration of bilateral pulmonary edema pattern which is unchanged to slightly worsened in appearance.
Lungs: No new focal opacities. Bibasilar pulmonary opacities as before. Left lower lobe atelectasis and mild pulmonary edema as before.
Focal opacity the right lower lobe represents atelectasis versus pneumonia.
Increased bibasilar atelectasis.
Chest is otherwise stable.
There is marked cardiac enlargement with the large opacity in the retrocardiac area presumably atelectasis but other inflammatory changes cannot be excluded.
Persistent basilar atelectasis and right pleural effusion.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. No new focal abnormalities. .
Diffuse right lung disease persists.  Left lower lobe atelectasis persists.
Diffuse lung disease has increased.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central pulmonary vascular congestion and partial lower lobe atelectasis.
There is persistent mild pulmonary edema and patchy atelectasis, improved at the right lung base.
Worsening diffuse right lung disease with basilar atelectasis.
Interval decrease in right base consolidation, likely resolving aspiration, pneumonia, or atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, without substantial interval change.
Unchanged diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities, consistent with pulmonary edema. No new focal abnormality.
Interval development of opacification of the lower right lower lobe, which likely represents atelectasis.
There is persistent bilateral basal consolidation, which could be from neck to assess for infection.
Decreased right upper lobe opacity, consistent with decreased pleural effusion and possible decrease in atelectasis.  No change in basilar atelectasis.
Interval worsening in left upper lung opacities which may represent pneumonia/atelectasis.
LLL atelectasis.
No substantial change in diffuse patchy opacity, right worse than left, which likely represents multilobar pneumonia.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities. Persistent left lower lobe collapse.
Multiple left rib fractures and worsening patchy parahilar and bibasilar opacities. Subsegmental atelectasis in right middle lobe and denser focal opacity along the right minor fissure which may represent fluid.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis.  No edema at this time.
The lungs no substantial change in diffuse left lung opacity and left apical focal pulmonary contusion/laceration.
Bibasilar atelectasis is again noted.
Low lung volumes persist.
By basilar compressive changes more marked left and right.
No substantial interval change in bilateral pulmonary opacities.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis, without substantial interval change. Left lower lobe collapse. No new focal abnormalities.
Stable bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral effusions.
Persistent diffuse lung disease with bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left as before.
There is slightly increased focality to opacity on left, possibly positional or due to infection.
There is no significant change in haziness in the left base, which may be atelectasis, infiltrate or contusion.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating diffuse lung opacities and left lower lobe consolidation.
Stable diffuse lung disease is present, representing diffuse alveolar damage versus infection.
Right upper and mid lung opacities persist and appear somewhat more prominent on today's examination. There is persistent opacification in the retrocardiac area on the left. There is, however, improved aeration at both lung bases with improved visualization of the left hemidiaphragm and new visualization of the entire right hemidiaphragm.
Increased bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis, or aspiration.
There is bibasilar, right greater than left, atelectasis.
Lung volumes are extremely low, with left basal atelectasis.
Left lung remains clear except for mild basilar atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury. No new focal abnormalities.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating partial lower lobe atelectasis.
Exam obtained on March 00, 0000 at 0:00 hours shows interval partial reexpansion of the right upper lobe.
Lungs and pleura: Patchy diffuse bilateral opacities, right greater than left are again visualized.  The right side has slightly improved.  These likely represent ARDS versus edema. There is left lower lobe collapse.
Bibasilar opacities are most consistent with atelectasis.  No other new focal abnormalities.
There are right basilar opacities that are improving.
Lungs: No focal opacities.
There are again bilateral streaky bibasilar and perihilar opacities, which are nonspecific, may be atelectasis.
No definite change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema, allowing for differences in lung volumes and patient positioning .
There are diffuse bilateral patchy opacities likely resulting from diffuse lung injury.
Increasing diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema.
Improved lung volumes and decreased atelectasis at the bases.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating central lung edema consolidating infection or atelectasis and right pleural effusion.
There is mildly improved right basilar atelectasis.
Lungs are hypoinflated with linear densities at the bases consistent with atelectasis.
There has been improved aeration, particularly of the left lower lobe. No new focal abnormalities.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating normal heart size and clear lungs.
Atelectasis LLL continues.
Pulmonary edema, left pleural effusion, and bibasilar atelectasis appear unchanged
There are focal opacities at both lung bases, which, given the low lung volumes, is most consistent with atelectasis.
Continued interval decrease in dense bilateral, right greater than left, lung opacities.
As before there are persistent bibasilar opacities and diffuse opacity of the right lung, likely secondary to a pleural effusion.
