Findings: Interval increase atelectasis of the right lung and a small right apical pneumothorax.
Left lower lobe consolidation may represent atelectasis, aspiration, or infection.
There are increased diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  There is lower lobe atelectasis.
Opacities: Patchy confluent, predominantly bibasilar and unchanged
No substantial interval change in bilateral pulmonary opacities.
Lung volumes are lower on today's examination increasing perihilar haziness and vascular congestion which may reflect volume status.
Lungs: Diffuse lung injury unchanged.
Lungs: Again visualized are bibasilar opacities consistent with atelectasis that are unchanged from the previous exam.
Increasing right middle lobe atelectasis. Bibasilar atelectasis.
There is continuing right basilar patchy density representing atelectasis versus pneumonia.
There are continuing bibasilar patchy densities likely atelectasis and small pleural effusions.
Lungs: Radiographically stable. No substantial changes. Diffuse patch lung opacities in both lungs and small left pleural effusion.
Patchy residual left upper lobe consolidation.
There slightly increased interstitial markings suggesting mild pulmonary edema.
Left basilar atelectasis and mild edema persist.
There is persistent bibasilar densities, likely due to pleural effusions and atelectasis.
Since the prior study, there is mild improvement of pulmonary aeration, with persistence of bilateral lower lobe opacities, which may reflect atelectasis, and/or pneumonia.
There has been interval increase in right diffuse lung opacity, worse at the right base, with loss of visualization of the right diaphragm, possible aspiration or infection, with atelectasis.
There are bibasilar opacities that are unchanged.
Unchanged diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities.
Lungs: Left basilar opacity obscuring the left hemidiaphragm is still present.
Diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacities persist.
Diffuse small patchy opacities persist bilaterally most pronounced in the left lower lung
Lungs: There is a stable patchy bilateral atelectasis.
Lungs: Diffuse lung disease, right greater than left, is unchanged.
Lungs: Partial collapse of right and left lower lobes, stable.
Lungs: Unchanged bilateral proximal opacities concerning for pneumonia or edema.
Diffuse lung disease persists, likely pulmonary edema.
Slight clearing of diffuse lung opacities. Left lower lobe opacity persists, consistent with cardiomegaly, atelectasis, and probable residual effusion.
Lungs: Central pulmonary edema with persistent bibasilar atelectasis.
The lungs remain diffusely opacified, consistent with pulmonary edema.
Increased bibasilar consolidation may represent atelectasis, aspiration or infection.
Opacities: Patchy, confluent, bibasilar and unchanged
As demonstrated on prior radiographs there is patchy bilateral opacities that may represent acute lung injury or infection. Particularly, the right upper lobe and right middle lobe demonstrate worsened opacities.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia and bilateral pleural effusions, without substantial interval change.
There are diffuse bilateral patchy opacities likely from diffuse lung injury.
Persistent bibasilar opacities right greater than left, likely atelectasis.
No new focal abnormalities.
Persistent bibasal consolidation, likely atelectasis or aspiration.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating similar basilar atelectasis and lung edema.
As before, there are bilateral basilar opacities in addition to diffuse mid and lower lung interstitial thickening consistent with pulmonary edema on a background of emphysema.
Right basal consolidation is slightly increased, likely representing volume loss/atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities, right greater than left consistent with pulmonary edema.
Lungs: The lung volumes are low and unchanged.  There are bilateral perihilar opacities that are unchanged.
No change in diffuse lung opacities, right much greater than left, consistent with pulmonary edema.  Right pleural effusion similar to prior. No new focal abnormalities.
The lungs are clear, except for mild bibasilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Diffuse bilateral opacities, right greater than left, are unchanged and likely represent pulmonary edema.
No change in right low lobe atelectasis and effusion.
Bilateral diffuse lung disease persists, perhaps slightly increased at the right base.
No change in diffuse lung opacities.
Bilateral pulmonary opacities are unchanged in appearance.
There is dense bilateral lung consolidation, the left side affected to a greater degree than the right, that is unchanged from before and in keeping with bilateral pneumonia.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating dense consolidating left upper lobe pneumonia or atelectasis.
Left greater than right lung consolidation.
Interval opacification of the superior segment of the right lower lobe and milder diffuse opacification of the right hemithorax consistent with aspiration pneumonia, atelectasis and/or layering pleural effusion.
There are decreased lung volumes bilaterally.  There is improved aeration of the right lung base.  There is patchy density in bilateral lung bases , right greater the left, representing atelectasis versus pneumonia.
Stable examination, demonstrating patchy bilateral atelectasis.
Lungs: elevated right hemidiaphragm. Increased opacities at right lung base and hilum.
There is unchanged diffuse lung opacity consistent with pulmonary edema or diffuse infection.  There is unchanged bibasilar atelectasis as well as possible left pleural effusion.
There has been no change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Stable bibasilar atelectasis is present.
Persistent segmental right upper lobe atelectasis. Bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged.
Worsened diffuse lung disease, likely pulmonary edema. Decreased lung volumes and increased basilar atelectasis.
There are unchanged appearing bilateral pulmonary opacities that likely represent a combination of atelectasis, fluid and/or hemorrhage.
There is continuing obscuration of the left costophrenic angle, likely due to small pleural effusion and atelectasis.
