Slight increase in previously noted edema and patchy atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
Persistent left lower lobe and right basilar atelectasis.  Low lung volumes.
Low lung volumes. Stable perihilar and bibasilar opacities are likely an artifact of low lung volumes, though mild pulmonary edema cannot be excluded.
The patchy right hilar and left upper lobe opacities are unchanged, likely edema versus infection.
There is no interval change in the low right lung volume and increased right pulmonary opacities suggesting pleural effusion layering posterior to the right lung.
Collapse/consolidation within knee right upper lobe.
Opacities: Mild, patchy, bibasilar and unchanged
There is continued obscuration of the left lung base, likely due to left lower lobe atelectasis and pleural effusion.
Left pleural effusion and bilateral lung opacities, likely edema, are unchanged.
No change in mild edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
No change in left pleural effusion or thickening and left lower lobe atelectasis.
Increased opacity at the lung bases representing atelectasis and/or infiltrates greater on the left.
Persistent diffuse patchy lung opacities.
No new focal abnormalities.
No new focal abnormalities..
There is hazy opacities in the left lung with left lower lobe consolidation versus atelectasis.  Minimal patchy atelectasis in the right lung is seen, mildly improved since the prior study.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with diffuse lung injury.
Lungs: Persistent bibasilar atelectasis
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating lower lobe atelectasis and right pleural effusion .
No substantial interval change diffuse lung injury pattern with superimposed right upper lobe collapse and likely right pleural fluid collection.
Bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities may be secondary to pneumonia or edema.
Again seen is bibasilar atelectasis versus pneumonia or aspiration.
The overall appearance has declined again as the hemidiaphragms are no longer well visualized and the appearance of bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis has returned. This may be in part due to positioning with layering of effusions as the patient is now at 30 degrees. Right upper and midlung and left lower lung opacities persist. There is likely a component of pulmonary edema.
There is bilateral lower lung zone atelectasis.
Again noted are lower lobe opacities likely on the basis of atelectasis and/or infection.
As before, there are low lung volumes and bilateral perihilar opacities. There is improved aeration of the left lower lobe when compared with yesterday's study.
Persistent moderate edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
Bibasilar opacities most consistent with atelectasis persist, although aspiration/infection is also possible consideration in the appropriate clinical setting.
Lungs: Patchy bilateral lung opacities are have worsened compared to 0/00/00 and may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.
Confluent opacity in both lower lobes has worsened.
Increased bibasilar atelectasis and persistent small left pleural effusion.
Lungs: Bilateral pulmonary opacities persist, unchanged from prior study..
Redemonstrated are bilateral lower lobe opacities for which infection is possible.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis, without substantial interval change. No new focal abnormalities.
Bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities persist. No new focal abnormalities.
No change in bilateral lower lung consolidations, with atelectasis or pneumonia.
There is persistent right upper lobe airspace disease as well as right pleural effusion.
As before, lung volumes are low. There is bilateral basilar consolidation or atelectasis and likely bilateral pleural effusions.
Persistent left lower lobe consolidation and improved right lower lobe consolidation, likely atelectasis or pneumonia.
Lungs: Bibasilar atelectasis, effusions or consolidation is unchanged
This is slightly worse on the right when compared to prior.
Similar appearance of diffuse lung opacities representing edema versus infection.  Right basilar opacities persist likely representing pneumonia.
There is persistent obscuration of left greater than right costophrenic angles, likely due to pleural effusion and atelectasis.
Lungs: Left basilar opacity persists. .
There are bilateral perihilar opacities that are unchanged.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating bilateral lower lobe atelectasis and pleural effusions.
Persistently low lung volumes with unchanged scattered atelectasis.
Bibasal atelectasis.
Right mid and lower lung airspace disease and pleural effusion persist.
Persistent bilateral pleural effusions with dependent atelectasis.
No new focal abnormalities.
Persistent bilateral basilar atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities..
No change in bilateral pulmonary opacities, likely atelectasis with pleural effusions.
Lungs: There is a large right pulmonary laceration in the right upper lobe.    Right lung opacity unchanged.
Stable left lobe atelectasis is present.
Diffuse lung edema or injury has worsened, now totally involving both lower lobes and major portions of the upper lobes.
No change in bibasilar opacities and pulmonary edema.
Bibasilar atelectasis persists.
The chest is otherwise unchanged, again demonstrating consolidating right upper lobe atelectasis or pneumonia, diffuse lung edema or injury, and lower lobe atelectasis.
Bilateral parenchymal opacities related to pneumonia/edema/or aspiration are unchanged.
Superimposed diffuse lung disease likely represents edema.
Perihilar opacities could represent pulmonary edema or pneumonia.
Persistent diffuse lung disease, likely pneumonia or alveolar damage. Increased bibasilar atelectasis.
Persistent left lower lobe consolidation and improved right basilar consolidation, likely atelectasis.
There is persistent bibasal atelectasis, without definite pleural effusions.
Diffuse lung injury pattern persists with worsening in the upper lobes bilaterally.
Persistent right upper lobe opacity which may represent pneumonia, atelectasis or infiltrate. Post obstructive process due to an endobronchial lesion cannot be excluded.
There has been interval increase in left right opacity with obscuration of the right hemidiaphragm.
Decreased lung volumes and increased basilar atelectasis.
Persistent bibasilar atelectasis.
Bilateral lower lobe atelectasis has worsened.
The lungs show patchy bilateral, right greater than left, atelectasis/pneumonia/contusion, without substantial interval change.
Lungs: Left basilar opacity which may represent atelectasis, pneumonia, or aspiration.
There is consolidation within the right lower lobe.
Lungs: There is stable left lower lobe opacity with volume loss representing partial left lower lobe collapse.
Persistent left lobe atelectasis.
Lungs: Bilateral unchanged lower lobe opacities consistent with basilar atelectasis. Increased lung volumes.  Left mid lung atelectasis is increased.
Lungs: The lung volumes are low and unchanged.  There are bibasilar opacities that are slightly worsened.
Bilateral pleural effusions and bi-basilar atelectasis, as before.
Radiographically progression could be compatible with diagnosis of ARDS.
Right lower lobe atelectasis has diminished.
No change in mild diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia and lower lobe atelectasis. No new focal abnormalities.
The lungs show patchy bilateral atelectasis/pneumonia, left greater than right, without substantial interval change.
Worsening edema and patchy atelectasis/pneumonia.
Improved basal atelectasis.
Atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes has significantly improved. There is residual bibasilar atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions, which appear slightly improved on the left side.
Right upper lobe atelectasis has decreased.  Bibasilar opacities are stable, likely atelectasis.
Interval increase in bilateral interstitial markings.
Bibasilar opacities persist, right greater than left, concerning for pulmonary edema.
Persistently low lung volumes with basilar atelectasis.
The lungs show patchy and diffuse lung consolidation without substantial interval change, either pneumonia or alveolar damage.
Improved diffuse lung disease is present, representing alveolar damage or infection.
Stable bibasilar opacities are likely due to atelectasis.
No change in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema.
Diffuse bilateral lung disease, worse at the left base persists.
Patchy opacifications remain over the medial right and left lower lobes.
Mild improvement in diffuse lung opacities consistent with pulmonary edema/pneumonia.
Lung volumes are low, with bi-basilar linear opacities, most consistent with atelectasis, versus consolidation.
Slight worsening of consolidation at left base and no change in right basal consolidation, likely atelectasis or less likely aspiration.
Increased right lower lobe opacity is present, suspicious for infection.
